.TH "/home/nathan/workspace/cooperation/game/common.h" 3 "Sat Mar 31 2012" "Version 0.1" "Prisoner's Dilemna" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
/home/nathan/workspace/cooperation/game/common.h \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <random>\fP
.br
\fC#include <boost/program_options.hpp>\fP
.br

.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBdrand\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBirand\fP (int)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetupCommandLine\fP (po::options_description &options, int &iterations, int &rand_seed)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBprocessCommandLine\fP (const po::options_description &options, const po::variables_map &vm, int iterations, int rand_seed)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Variables"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "const double \fBPI\fP = 3.14159265"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::mt19937 \fBmersenne_twister\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::uniform_real_distribution \fBrandom_engine_double\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::uniform_int_distribution \fBrandom_engine_int\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "double drand ()"
.PP
Definition at line 10 of file common.cpp.
.SS "int irand (int)"
.PP
Definition at line 12 of file common.cpp.
.SS "int processCommandLine (const po::options_description &options, const po::variables_map &vm, intiterations, intrand_seed)"Processes the command line options. 
.PP
Definition at line 37 of file common.cpp.
.SS "void setupCommandLine (po::options_description &options, int &iterations, int &rand_seed)"Sets up acceptable command line options. 
.PP
Definition at line 17 of file common.cpp.
.SH "Variable Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "std::mt19937 \fBmersenne_twister\fP"Global instances of random generators 
.PP
Definition at line 6 of file common.cpp.
.SS "const double \fBPI\fP = 3.14159265"Common functions and global variables. 
.PP
Definition at line 13 of file common.h.
.SS "std::uniform_real_distribution random_engine_double"
.SS "std::uniform_int_distribution \fBrandom_engine_int\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 8 of file common.cpp.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Prisoner's Dilemna from the source code.
