.TH "CompetitorWidget" 3 "Sun Apr 1 2012" "Version 0.1" "Prisoner's Dilemna" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
CompetitorWidget \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <competitorwidget.h>\fP
.SS "Public Slots"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBexecuteUpdate\fP (int min_score, int max_score, bool updateScore)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBCompetitorWidget\fP (int maxDiameter, \fBCompetitor\fP &competitor, \fBDisplayMethodology\fP displayMethodology, QColor color, QWidget *parent=0)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Manages the widget used to represent a competitor. 
.PP
Definition at line 16 of file competitorwidget.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "CompetitorWidget::CompetitorWidget (intmaxDiameter, \fBCompetitor\fP &competitor, \fBDisplayMethodology\fPdisplayMethodology, QColorcolor, QWidget *parent = \fC0\fP)"Constructs the widget. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fImaxDiameter\fP the maximum diameter of the shape of the widget. 
.br
\fIcompetitor\fP associated with this widget. 
.br
\fIdisplayMethodology\fP how to display the competitors relative to each others scores. 
.br
\fIcolor\fP of the widget 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 10 of file competitorwidget.cpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void CompetitorWidget::executeUpdate (intmin_score, intmax_score, boolupdateScore)\fC [slot]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 44 of file competitorwidget.cpp.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Prisoner's Dilemna from the source code.
