.TH "DefineGameDialog" 3 "Sun Apr 1 2012" "Version 0.1" "Prisoner's Dilemna" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
DefineGameDialog \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <definegamedialog.h>\fP
.SS "Signals"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBspecificButtonClicked\fP (int)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBDefineGameDialog\fP (QWidget *parent=0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetIterations\fP (int i)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetRandomSeed\fP (int i)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetUpdateFrequency\fP (int i)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetUpdateStyle\fP (int i)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetCompetitors\fP (const map< QString, int > nCompetitorsMap)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetCompetitorColors\fP (const map< QString, QColor > &colors)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetTimer\fP (int i)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetNumberForAllCompetitors\fP (int i)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBgetIterations\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBgetRandomSeed\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBgetUpdateFrequency\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBgetUpdateStyle\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBgetTimer\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "vector< int > \fBgetCompetitors\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "map< QString, QColor > \fBgetCompetitorColors\fP () const "
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
This class handles the main dialog in the GUI, that is used to set the parameters of a new game. 
.PP
Definition at line 29 of file definegamedialog.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "DefineGameDialog::DefineGameDialog (QWidget *parent = \fC0\fP)"
.PP
Definition at line 5 of file definegamedialog.cpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "map< QString, QColor > DefineGameDialog::getCompetitorColors () const"Returns a map from QString to QColor of competitor type names and their corresponding color as specified by the user on the dialog.. 
.PP
Definition at line 179 of file definegamedialog.cpp.
.SS "vector< int > DefineGameDialog::getCompetitors () const"Returns a vector of integers with each integer representing the number of competitors for a particular competitor type in the global variable registeredCompetitors. 
.PP
Definition at line 171 of file definegamedialog.cpp.
.SS "int DefineGameDialog::getIterations () const\fC [inline]\fP"Returns the number of iterations set on the dialog by the user. 
.PP
Definition at line 83 of file definegamedialog.h.
.SS "int DefineGameDialog::getRandomSeed () const\fC [inline]\fP"Returns the random seed set on the dialog by the user. 
.PP
Definition at line 87 of file definegamedialog.h.
.SS "int DefineGameDialog::getTimer () const\fC [inline]\fP"Returns the time between iterations specified by the user on the dialog. 
.PP
Definition at line 101 of file definegamedialog.h.
.SS "int DefineGameDialog::getUpdateFrequency () const\fC [inline]\fP"Returns the frequency with which the competitor widgets must be updated, as set on the dialog by the user. 
.PP
Definition at line 92 of file definegamedialog.h.
.SS "int DefineGameDialog::getUpdateStyle () const\fC [inline]\fP"Returns the update style specified by the user on the dialog. 
.PP
Definition at line 96 of file definegamedialog.h.
.SS "void DefineGameDialog::setCompetitorColors (const map< QString, QColor > &colors)"Tells the dialog what color to initiate each competitor type to.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIcolors\fP a map from QString to QColor where the key is the name of a competitor in the registeredCompetitors global variable and the integer is the number of competitors. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 149 of file definegamedialog.cpp.
.SS "void DefineGameDialog::setCompetitors (const map< QString, int >nCompetitorsMap)"Tells the dialog how many of each competitor there are when it starts up.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fInCompetitorsMap\fP a map from QString to int where the key is the name of a competitor in the registeredCompetitors global variable and the integer is the number of competitors. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 102 of file definegamedialog.cpp.
.SS "void DefineGameDialog::setIterations (inti)\fC [inline]\fP"Sets the number of iterations for the game. 
.PP
Definition at line 38 of file definegamedialog.h.
.SS "void DefineGameDialog::setNumberForAllCompetitors (inti)"Convenience function to set the dialog's initial number of competitors for each competitor to the same number. 
.PP
Definition at line 144 of file definegamedialog.cpp.
.SS "void DefineGameDialog::setRandomSeed (inti)\fC [inline]\fP"Sets the random seed for the game. 
.PP
Definition at line 42 of file definegamedialog.h.
.SS "void DefineGameDialog::setTimer (inti)\fC [inline]\fP"Sets the dialog's initial time in milliseconds between each iteration of the game. 
.PP
Definition at line 74 of file definegamedialog.h.
.SS "void DefineGameDialog::setUpdateFrequency (inti)\fC [inline]\fP"Specify how frequently the competitor widgets are updated.
.PP
Set the parameter to 1 for an update after every iteration. 
.PP
Definition at line 48 of file definegamedialog.h.
.SS "void DefineGameDialog::setUpdateStyle (inti)\fC [inline]\fP"Choose an update methodology that corresponds to an entry in the in the DisplayMethodology. 
.PP
Definition at line 53 of file definegamedialog.h.
.SS "void DefineGameDialog::specificButtonClicked (int_t1)\fC [signal]\fP"This signal is generated when a user clicks one of the choose color pushbuttons.
.PP
Its parameter corresponds to the index of the pushbutton. 
.PP
Definition at line 91 of file moc_definegamedialog.cpp.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Prisoner's Dilemna from the source code.
