.TH "GuiPlay" 3 "Sun Apr 1 2012" "Version 0.1" "Prisoner's Dilemna" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
GuiPlay \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <guiplay.h>\fP
.SS "Public Slots"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBstartPlaying\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBexecuteRound\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Signals"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBrunRound\fP (int, int, bool)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBstopPlaying\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBGuiPlay\fP (\fBGame\fP &game, \fBDisplayMethodology\fP displayMethodology, int time, int updateFrequency, map< QString, QColor > &colors, QWidget *parent=0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBpausePlaying\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBisPaused\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "QProgressBar * \fBgetProgressBar\fP () const "
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Instances of this class play the game of Prisoner's Dilemna using the GUI. 
.PP
Definition at line 19 of file guiplay.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "GuiPlay::GuiPlay (\fBGame\fP &game, \fBDisplayMethodology\fPdisplayMethodology, inttime, intupdateFrequency, map< QString, QColor > &colors, QWidget *parent = \fC0\fP)"The constructor takes several parameters.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIgame\fP a reference to an instance of \fBGame\fP class. 
.br
\fIdisplayMethodology\fP the type of method used to display the competitors int the GUI. 
.br
\fItime\fP time between iterations, usually to 0 
.br
\fIupdateFrequency\fP specifies the number of iterations to execute before updating the GUI, usually 1. 
.br
\fIcolors\fP map from QString to QColor specifying the color for each competitor type. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 13 of file guiplay.cpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void GuiPlay::executeRound ()\fC [slot]\fP"Plays one iteration of the game on the GUI. 
.PP
Definition at line 77 of file guiplay.cpp.
.SS "QProgressBar* GuiPlay::getProgressBar () const\fC [inline]\fP"Retrieves the progress bar used to indicate to the user how far the game still have to go before completion. 
.PP
Definition at line 51 of file guiplay.h.
.SS "bool GuiPlay::isPaused ()\fC [inline]\fP"Checks if the game is paused. 
.PP
Definition at line 46 of file guiplay.h.
.SS "void GuiPlay::pausePlaying ()"Pauses the game, usually when user toggles the play button on the GUI. 
.PP
Definition at line 65 of file guiplay.cpp.
.SS "void GuiPlay::runRound (int_t1, int_t2, bool_t3)\fC [signal]\fP"When this is emitted, every competitor widget is updated. 
.PP
Definition at line 91 of file moc_guiplay.cpp.
.SS "void GuiPlay::startPlaying ()\fC [slot]\fP"Slot that starts playing the game on the GUI. 
.PP
Definition at line 50 of file guiplay.cpp.
.SS "void GuiPlay::stopPlaying ()\fC [signal]\fP"Used the mainWindow as a signal to its stopPlaying slot. 
.PP
Definition at line 98 of file moc_guiplay.cpp.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Prisoner's Dilemna from the source code.
